You can build gorgeous websites with Claude code and Nano Banana 2, even if you're starting with zero experience. But 99% of people don't know how to build profitable websites, which is why in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to build animated websites that people pay thousands of dollars for. I'm a new website intelligence system that turns viewers into buyers. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup [music] to over 60,000 customers, and I've sold websites like these for thousands of dollars. And this is all I do, all day, every day. So, >> [music] >> if you haven't already, grab that coffee and let's dive straight in. Gorgeous websites can sell for thousands of dollars using Claude code and the new Nano Banana 2, stuff that wasn't really possible previously. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do it in this video, but you also need intelligence. Now, what kind of intelligence do you need? Well, we need intelligence about the niche that the website sits in. We need to be able to analyze what the best performing businesses in that niche are actually doing. We need a website that actually supports our core offer, whatever that might be. A law firm versus a HVAC company, completely different business model. And we can do all of this using Fire Crawl intelligence, super exciting technology. And basically, I'm also going to show you in this video as well how you can set up a system to enable your client to request changes to that very specific website and how you might want to handle that if you're selling it. So, by using Claude code, Nano Banana, and Fire Crawl, we can do five things. I'm going to show you exactly how you can scrape a logo from any website, how you can get the copy from that website, how you can get intelligence on competitors and the top performers in any niche on the planet systematically, how you can then actually create a 3D animated hero asset that makes your website stand out, and how we can then go ahead and create something that is pretty exceptional. And to do this, there's only three things that we need to do. Step one is going to be gathering intelligence on the website in the niche so we can actually find out what best in class looks like, then build our beautiful website all around that. Now, to do this, we need to pick a niche. I suggest for this one that we go ahead and we do something along the lines of pool cleaners in Texas. So, let's say for example, we work with a company in pool cleaners in Texas, or we wanted to work with these companies directly. What we're going to do is find a random website. I found one here that we're going to use, which is diamondpools.com. So, we use this as an example to see how we can take that website into stellar. This is what it looks like. Cool. So, now, the first thing we need to do is basically open up Claude code, which we're going to use in Anti-Gravity. And then we're going to bring a pre-packaged skill that I designed for you, so you can just literally download it. All the resources are completely free for you. Just click the links in the description down below. So, I'm going to download Anti-Gravity. That sounds like Spanish. Check out the video on screen. It runs through everything that you need to know. So, within Anti-Gravity, it's basically software that just called software. You can click on file in the top left, come down to open folder, come down here, click on new folder, and we'll call this one pool cleaner. Awesome. Then click on create, and then click on open. Now we're in the pool cleaner folder. Yes, we trust the authors. Now, we want to leverage Claude code. So, to do that, on the left-hand side and if you haven't already, you can just download Claude code so you can access it with Anti-Gravity. Once that happens, you'll see this thing appear on the left. You can just click on that and have a full conversation with it by clicking on a new session. Cool. Alternatively, if you want, you can just double-click in the middle and then click on the orange thing at the top. Now, what we're going to do is download a skill that I've already pre-built for you, and then we're going to connect that to Fire Crawl, which is this beautiful website here, which is going to go out and find literally the top performing pool cleaning websites that exist in that area. It's going to find out what do they have in common? What features do they have? What product is our website trying to sell? And use all of that to build us a blueprint for a really incredible website, and then we're going to build something incredibly animated on top of it. So, let's go ahead and grab the resources. And again, I'll put this all for you down below in the description, so you can just grab it. Let's come over to the vault and grab this one here. So, we're looking for this one here, which is awesome. And all I want you to do is come here and click on website builder system. Obviously, it'll be slightly different for you when you click on it. Great. And then what I want you to do is come over here to website builder, click on this, and literally just download the entire file together. And it'll download it as a zip. You can open up your downloads, just double-click on this guy like so, and now we've got the website builder and then Anti-Gravity. Just click these to get to the document area. Come back to downloads and just drag this guy over to the left-hand side and click on add folder to workspace. And then we're going to give Claude the following prompt. Either, I'd like you to familiarize yourself with the website builder skill on the left-hand side. I want you to repeat back to me everything you're going to do step by step. Once you've done that, I want you to turn that into a skill that you yourself are going to save so I can use it whenever I want to in the future. And if you ever find that this Claude code is misbehaving, you can also click on the terminal at the top, click on new terminal, open it up, click enter, and then essentially down here, what you can do is just simply come down, bring this up, type in the word Claude, and then you can do the exact same prompt here. It's just in case you ever run into any issues within the actual interface. And since this one is struggling a little bit, what I'm going to do is close this one down and we're going to use this one here. We're going to right-click and then click on panel position and just put this on the right-hand side. I always like to keep these things in so you get a fully 100% realistic experience of building everything and that you can crush it. So, within Claude code, there's only three things that we're going to do. It's going to be a process. It's going to study the market, learn from winners, and build a website grounded in intelligence. First of all, it's to gather and understand. We're going to scrape the entire website that we're given with the Fire Crawl API. We're going to build a full picture of the business, and then we're going to audit the current messaging, the strengths, the gaps, so we know what the starting position is. Again, it isn't just a gorgeous website, it's got substance. Then we're going to do competitive research. We're going to find the top five competitors ranked by Google Reviews, Trustpilot, and search visibility. We're going to scrape each competitor, their design, content, branding, logos, and SEO. We're going to synthesize what all the five winners have in common and the blueprint of what actually works in your market. Then finally, we're going to have a beautiful print-ready report with competitor profiles, logos, and brand colors side by side, SEO landscape, keyword gaps, and a polished deliverable that we can actually also give to the client and in addition to the website or for your own benefit so you get a real sense of what everything exists in your own market. And then what we're going to say to Claude code is, "Look, I want you to turn this into a Claude code skill." And once you've done that, you can do forward slash and then you can come down and do website builder like so, hit enter, and then we can begin the entire process. Now, the first thing we're going to need is a Fire Crawl API. So, let's come ahead and go ahead and grab this from Fire Crawl. You can get started right completely for free. So, let's head over to the dashboard and literally on the homepage itself, you can see the API key. So, we're going to grab this right here. We're going to skip this for now and then hit that, but give it basically back over to Claude code. And then in Claude code, we're going to give it two things. One is going to be the Fire Crawl API key, and then we're also going to give it the website URL, which for us is going to be diamondpools.com. We head back over and give that to Claude. Guys, and just like that, it's come back and processed everything without touching a single thing. And what it's done is given us a Diamond D Pool Services Market Intelligence Report. So, this is an asset that we could give to clients or just good for us to know individually, you know what I mean? Oh my goodness, I'm I'm excited to dive into this. So, a research driven analysis of the East Texas Pool Service Market, competitor profiles, success patterns, and strategic recommendations for building a website that wins. Cool. Executive summary. I love the premium feel that we've got with this. I think it's fantastic. So, what do we learn here? So, you're in a competitive East Texas Pool Service Market. Here are these specific niches. Trust signals are table stakes. Professional photography wins. Content depth drives SEO. The top five all showcase real complete project photos, name designs, galleries, before and after shots, stock imagery signals, small operation. How cool is that, by the way, that you just get to share this insight? And I get people reaching out to me very often with, "Jack, I did a full deep dive analysis on your business. Here's what you're missing." It doesn't look like this. I can tell you that for a fact. It's very obviously AI generated. This looks like it's had some care and attention. You know, I challenge you to tell me the last time you had something look this good that came uh for free. Content depth drives SEO. Winners have service pages, FAQ section, blog content. Really cool, really helpful insights. Current website audit. So, we can come down here. Strengths, trust what sets us apart, and critical gaps. Interesting. Duplicate H4 headings. It's done a full SEO review. Gmail contact address. Interesting. Come down here. Bottom line, the current site communicates part-time side gig rather than professional pool service company. Then we've got competitor profiles, and again, it's got all this key information here, which is cool. It's got all their Trustpilot reviews. And guys, look at this. We've even got their color palettes. How freaking amazing is that? Then we can zoom out a little bit and have a quick look over here. Let me just zoom out so you can see what they do exceptionally well. Paradise Nails is a personal touch. Owned by us, name pool designs. Here's another one. Here's their reviews, and here's what they do well. This is amazing. I am genuinely impressed by this. Genuinely, genuinely impressed by this. I think this is fantastic. This is really gorgeous. Again, I'll add this to the skill for you so that you're going to get the same thing. And if you want to show this to clients to grow your base or whatever, or you just want to look at it for yourself, you can do. Really freaking cool. What they do exceptionally well. We come down, and we get an idea for the color palette of everything. And then we've got the bottom, the winning blueprint. Page structure is hero strong headline, service categories, photo gallery, about us, content patterns. And now we can use what actually wins. And here's the crazy thing. This has a really intelligent algorithm about how it determines what the top websites are. We do that based on Google rankings. We do that based on the reviews. So, we get and and several other factors that are inside the uh actual skill. But it'll identify what the top players are, and then we can reverse engineer what makes them so great on their website, which I think is really freaking cool. Then we've got the SEO landscape. Look at this, guys. Here's what they all do. Here's what you do. This is like the kind of thing you'd expect off of a paid off of a paid order. I'm really impressed with this. Recommended website structure. Home, services, about, blog, blah, blah, blah. And then imagine sending this and be like, "And by the way, here you freaking go. It's yours. It's amazing." Proposed designs. Design structure. Fantastic. Absolutely gorgeous. And that's basically the whole plan of action. Then if we come back over to our wonderful Claude code, it is now ready to go ahead and build it. So, it's even got an SEO plan, trust signals, content strategy, page structure, which is awesome. So, now we're going to head and go ahead and do it. And once we've done that, we can then integrate our 3D animated section. Hey there, dude. That sounds great. Go ahead and build that initial website at making sure that we leave a space for me to give you the video to do the integrated animated structure uh for the pool. And then we send them off. And if you're wondering how I'm doing this, I'm using Glido as a speech-to-text service. Basically, you hit a key, you yap, and then the messages appear. Just saves a lot of time. Wonderful. So, now we've got a website SEO optimized and influenced. So, we've got the homepage where we're going to have our beautiful animation. Let's scroll down and see what we've got. Gorgeous images, free estimates, five-star service. This really feels like a premium brand. Cool. Pool care that protects your investment. Some great imagery there. Okay, this is quite tasty. Your neighbor, your pool guy. This is cool. Pools that transform. She's got some different ideas and proof uh six reasons to trust us. Okay, so this is something that we want to kind of fix. It's kind of like a grading thing. But completely fine. First draft, that's fine. Come down. Trusted by pool owners. This, by the way, pulls it directly from the website. So these should be actual reviews that exist on Google, which is fantastic. Come down. Your pool deserves better. Let's make it happen. Proudly serving in Texas. Lots of different brands there. And then ready for pool cleaner. And then we've got a nice contact form at the bottom where they can get started. So now we have an initial overview of the website. The next step is to take this interstellar by bringing a beautiful, show-stopping animation we can add directly into the website with Nano Banana 2. Now to do this, I'm heading back over to Community Scrub to Assets. I'll put these down below so you can grab these particular ones. We're going to look for the 3D website builder. And then we're also looking for asset generation. And of course, we're SEO optimizer. Little side note, by the way, you do want to be building out your skills repository of code skills. It's going to set you up whether you're using Open Claw or just building out systems. So, two things we want to download. Number one is 3D website builder. Let's come down here and just click on download this one real quick. And then we're going to go ahead and download the second. And then we've got our asset generator, and let's just download this one. So once we've downloaded them, guys, we're going to select both of these and we're going to drag them over to our folder. Yes, add folders to workspace. Beautiful. And we'll open a brand new thing. If you're using a terminal, all you do is click on this plus. Opens up a brand new terminal. You just come down. You select it, hit enter, and then you're rocking and rolling. Then we're going to select the claw to summon him. Now, let's begin the entire process. So, hey there, I've just added two initial skills to the left-hand side. A 3D website builder and then I've added a 3D website asset generator. What I would like you to do is create two skills in Claude for those two things. And I'd like to start with a 3D website asset generator. You can tell what website we're building based on the information on the left, but I would like to create for this website a pool that basically goes from being dirty and filthy to completely clean. Do this to build out the gorgeous animation files for me so I can just copy and paste and make it look epic. Now, what this will do actually is generate for us three different prompts that we're going to need to use on whatever image generation we're using to create this beautiful animation. So whilst this is creating the asset, let's go over to Higgsfield to use this. Now, you don't have to use Higgsfield, but I'm going to use it here because it's a really easy way to actually generate some incredible images. So you're going to go to image higgsfield.ai. Great. You're going to sign in and or create an account. So let's get rid of this guy real quick. Come over and log in. Continue with Google. Wonderful. And so now we've got three prompts. Yours will look exactly like this cuz you've got the code. We've got the dirty pool. We've got the crystal clean pool and then the video transition. So, let's grab the dirty pool. Click on copy and cast. You know, I'm a sucker for my confetti, but we grab that. Now, let's head over to Higgsfield. Then, guys, you'll click on images over here on the left-hand side and click on create an image and you'll be here. Now, I've done all of the work for you in terms of what you actually need cuz we want a white background. So we're coming we're going to drop in the prompt like so, which is fantastic. Now, dimensions. Make sure that you are at 16 by 9. Quality control, we want it to be 2K. And then the model is going to be Nano Banana 2, which is fantastic. And again, just make sure we've got the right dimensions on there. Make sure the right quality control is 2K. And then literally, we want four generations so we can pick the perfect dirty, neglected pool. Come over and then click on generate. Wonderful. So now we've got some dirty pools. Oh my gosh, guys, look at this. Are you Are you thirsty? You thirsty for some pools right now? So you can pick the one that you want to. I always recommend at this stage spa that little bit. Find one that you like. You want little bits in there. Do you want those a giraffe in the last video? I don't know if my edits can pull that up right now. They disappeared in the any van. So if you want to add a giraffe in here, we can make anything happen. So very, very crazy. Let's pick one that looks really dirty. Maybe we go for Yeah, let's go for this one here. This is particularly um pungent and doesn't look very nice. Click on reference. And all we're going to do now is pretty much delete this prompt like so and get rid of this guy. And then we come back over to our document here. On the crystal clean pool one, we're just going to copy it. Then come straight back over and paste it in. And one thing you'll notice is that the outskirts are white. This is so that it will blend perfectly into your website. One option you have got, if you want, I want to throw out there so you're aware of it, is you can go more detail like this. Like you see how this one, for example, looks really freaking bad. Like look at that, how terrible that looks. So we can play around with that if you want to so that it's kind of a little bit more integrated. But you get the idea. It's essentially how well do you want it to integrate into the website? But you can play around with that and get it so it's absolutely like really filthy. So you could, for example, come down here and click on reference. And we could say something like let's just make sure that it's a full white border and cut off the stuff at the bottom. And then you effectively, once you've given it some feedback, you get two that you really like. So I really like this one here. So this one is so freaking bad, man. Is this what the average pool owner in Texas looks like? Maybe you Texans can let me know. I'd love to come out there one day. Maybe live. I think it'd be cool. And then this is the free version. Cool. The clean. This is after Diamond Pool Clean Services rock up. This is just what we do. This is how we roll. That's what kind of experience we sell. What we're going to do now is download this one here. Let's get this one downloaded onto the computer. And then we're also going to go ahead and download this guy right here. Fantastic. Then we're going to head over on the left-hand side onto video like so and click on create a video. And then all we're going to do, guys, is have your start frame and you're just going to basically click on that image. So now we've got our before photo and then we're going to have afterwards our after photo of a beautiful pool. Then we're going to go ahead and grab a prompt from our AI, which is over here in video transition. Just copy this bad boy. Come back over and then we're going to fit that into the model like so. Fantastic. And then you can specify everything you want to down here. Quality, 5 seconds I think it's going to be fine for this. We don't need the audio in this instance cuz it's not really relevant. And then we want to do multi-shot shouldn't be okay. Depends like, you know, you can play around a little bit. Usually I find it's quite okay, but you can experiment. And then click on generate. Now as you can see the one from before, this was the any van one with the giraffe. There he is. People say he disappeared. I actually think he just went into the van for a little bit of relaxing, guys. I think people are too harsh on that giraffe. He likes to hang out, chill out, and do what he likes to do. Wonderful. So now we have the whole image, which is decent. So let's go ahead and hit play and see what that one looks like. Just like that. All beautiful clean. That's the kind of effect that we have. And of course, you can play around with this as much as you want to. You can just say, for example, create a beautiful, seamless transition between the two. Make sure any objects that are extinct do so in a natural way. Make it a seamless, beautiful transition. You can play around with it. I encourage you to do a few of these just to make sure that you're happy with it. Model Clean 3.0 is fine. You can play around with different models. Of course, you can. It's really up to you how you want to play around with it. And of course, you can up quality if you want to. It just costs a few more credits. So we'll try this one with 1080p. Cool. And so I've got a new one here. And guys, I actually I think going up a little bit on quality has really elevated the feel of this and things are just getting swept away. Things are falling down. I think it looks a little bit better. But play around with it. Create as many different things as you want to. And when this is answer to download, we're going to come over here. We're going to come and grab this guy like so. And just bring it onto our computer, which is fantastic. Then we head over to antigravity. And then once you've downloaded it, just come over, grab the file, drop it straight in, and then we're going to have a and yap to Claude and just give it the following prompt. Hey there, so I have just downloaded a file, a video, and I would like this to be at the very top of the website. Now, I want you to integrate it in such a way that as I scroll down, basically it looks like an animation. You need to change the top of the website to white and you can use this 3D website builder for best principles in terms of how to integrate this animate this sort of like scroll effect. As I scroll down the website, the pool gets clean, basically. Beautiful. So here we go. And by the way, if it doesn't work the first time, just come back and say, "Hey dude, I want it to be a little bit slower, a little bit faster." I've added the best practices in the skill. But here's Diamond D Pool Services. We scroll down. What do we see? And look at that. This could be your pool. Get a free estimate. How cool is that? That is so sick. We come down the website. We've got everything we had here earlier. Professional service, maintenance and repair. Pool care that protects your investment. We go all the way down the website looking really slick, really decent, and we've got everything that we wanted. Six reasons to trust us. That basically scroll thing has disappeared. We've got the reviews on Facebook. Everything we do. Free to pool cleaner and a contact form at the bottom. And then of course, we would just want to test the mobile optimization cuz guys, I know we love our tablets. I don't know who's surfing the web on a tablet in 2026. If that's you, can you let me know down in the comments? I genuinely I want to know. But the point is you can see it scales well. Now, the cool thing about this image is even if you're on a mobile or whatever, you can still see the pool transforming as you come down. You can see. Beautiful. This pool could be yours. You don't actually need the external context on this, which is why it's great to have an image like this. So come. And obviously, you can change it. You can even do one for a mobile versus a desktop. All you do is repeat the same process, but make it square. Or you could make it long long sort of like a horizontal if you want to. And it'd be the same kind of process. And all you say to Claude is just change it when it hits a certain breakpoint that is reasonable and that'll come down and then work well for you. And this is completely mobile optimized, guys. This is a really gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous website that you would be happy to use. There are a few things we can do in terms of functionality, which is decent. And to fix that, we're going to use a UI/UX pro skill. And to do that, you can go over to this website here. And what this effectively is, guys, a lot of people, okay, that are very big nerds on UI/UX basically sat together in a room, I believe, and they built this incredible thing out, which basically tests it for hundreds of minute things, accessibility, design, SEO, you name it, it's in here. So what we're going to do now is let you come over. You're going to copy this code like so. Click on copy. Head back over to antigravity, which will pull up at the bottom. And then effectively, we're going to say the following. Hey there, I'd like you to download this skill and do a full audit of this website for me, making sure that it is fully SEO optimized and it is fully accessible based on all the requirements that are basically mentioned in this skill installed on the left-hand side. And once that's done, just give me a cool checklist of everything you've done and all the changes that you've made. As simple as that. And then drop the URL. Guys, and just like that, it's done 15 critical accessibility checks. It's done a skip link. It's got nav bar sorted out. It's done so many different things. It's done eight fixes on SEO, which is fantastic. It's done various different improvements on image dimensions, form and feedback, you know, touch and interaction. You think about how long it would take you and I sat down going through this stuff. This skill's done all that for us, which I think is freaking crazy. It's also installed the skill on the left-hand side. I always recommend that you just run this as an audit on whatever website that you're building. So now we have a beautiful website that is SEO optimized, looks gorgeous, and has a scroll-stopping animation on it. The next problem we have to solve though is once we give this to a client, how on earth do they tell us what they want to change? Maybe they want to change the copy. How do you actually solve that? Well, there are actually three ways. Way number one is they just pay you to do it and you're on a retainer. That is the best way. I cover that in my big AI website masterclass. The second route is that you build out a full CMS where they can do changes. Now, that's great cuz I have autonomy, but if they do something that breaks the website, that can complicate it. And then there's a third option. There's a really interesting middle ground makes it easy, but also gives them the ability to make changes through you. So, the way we would do this is we build them a page in the same style as our website, which you can do with the prompt I'm going to show you in a second. You can add in their names. They basically they can fill everything out like Diamond D, just like this. They didn't want a design tweak, a bug issue, new feature, other. It's a really gorgeous interactive section. This is so nice, you could even have this on the website if you wanted to. Click on about, they could do everything. And when that's submitted, that goes through to this on Notion, which is client requests. And this could just be the thing that you check every day. Go through. What do they want? Don't want X, want Y. And you can give this to Claude. You can give this to Anti-Gravity and say every day like go and check it. What are the changes? Approve it and build a skill that says if it's just to do with copy, we let that go. If it's a structural change, you can manage it. And now you can manage all of your clients here on the left-hand side, all their requests, get that complete, and it's a complete It just takes the back and forth of you and the and the customer way out of your hands because it all runs down the background. I've also created for you a client feedback portal setup guide. They just feed this to Claude code in the same chat window. Doesn't need to be the same chat window, but just give it to Claude code and it'll go ahead and develop you one of these things. The only thing you need to do is give it your Notion API key. If you don't know how to do that, just come on the top right, come down here to connections, click on develop integration, and on develop integration, all you're going to do is create a new integration. You're going to give it a name, and you're going to grab an API key. Then once you give that API key to Claude code, you can effectively connect that. You just give it a prompt just by copying this whole thing I dealt for you here, and you'll be ready to connect it and have the whole system ready to rock and roll. Now, a beautiful website is one thing, but actually building it with more detail and hosting it is something completely different. We're going to learn that now by watching this video right here.