Claude Co-work is the next evolution of how we use Claude and they just released the brand new projects feature that changes everything. And this update solves the biggest [music] problem that was quietly holding you back. And in this video, I'll show exactly what Claude Co-work projects are and how to use them to build a personal operating system that will save you time, attention, [music] and help you make more money so you can get light years ahead of your competitors. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup with 60,000 customers. And now I teach thousands of entrepreneurs [music] and my own AI businesses. So, if you haven't already, grab a coffee and let's dive straight in. Claude Co-work is your AI co-pilot. It's something that you use to become incredibly productive and automate tasks within your business. Now, the actual Claude Co-work itself has just had a brand new update and it solves a huge problem that I haven't seen many people talking about. Now, the big issue is that when you speak to any AI, it is what we would call a disposable thread. What do I mean by that? Well, you speak to it, but then the next time you come back, it loses context because it has a finite context window. And the second that context window is done, you're always always always repeating yourself and just is frustrating and it wastes so much time. But now, Claude actually gets smarter the more that you use it. And it went from Claude Co-work just a tool that you use to a workspace that actually knows you and feels like it actually knows you and your business. And it solves this by solving what we would call the continuity problem. And that is all done within Claude projects. So, essentially, the more we use it, it has context and knows everything in the projects we're working in. I'm going to show you exactly what they are and how to set them up so you can turn Claude projects into your own personal operating system. And if you don't understand what a Claude project actually is, none of this is going to mean anything to you. I may as well be speaking Chinese. So, the best way to think about Claude projects is this. It gives Claude a persistent brain for each area of your business or your personal life a persistent brain, something that is con- basically continuous intelligence. And it gets better the more that we actually use it. Said another way, there are four components of a project. We have instructions, your brand voice, your rules, and tone locked into every single task that we do. We've got context. So, this is going to be your knowledge base, folders, URLs, linked chat. These are things that Claude can reference. Hey, yeah, you asked for an invoice 6 days ago. I know exactly what you're talking about, Jack. And it just does it. We have memory, which I think is the biggest, most important trend that everybody's sleeping on. Context engineering and memory. Automatic, scope per project. Your YouTube project doesn't know about invoicing, but actually when you're building it in projects, it has full memory. And finally, scheduled tasks. So, within here, we can even set up tasks that will run on a continuous basis. Let me show you a bit briefly what that looks like in reality so you know where it is. Well, as you know, within the Claude space, if I bring this down, you have three tabs: chat, co-work, and code. I'm also going to explain to you the difference between co-work and code and when you might use which in later on this video so you got full context. So, the way that it works, you'll notice is this new tab on the left-hand side called projects. And all you do on projects is you click a new project like so and you'll have this full ability here. You can either use an existing folder, so if you've got a desktop folder with some information in it, you can bring that up and you can start from scratch. And to create a project, you just give it some information, Jack's YouTube, and then I might say context. So again, this is just a quick snippet in Glide but let me just add a lot of information in there. And then you can add add files. So, this could be anything about your business, your contacts, etc., etc. And then you click on create. And effectively now, what we have on the left-hand side is this beautiful environment that organizes everything. Cuz you'll notice previously in the chat window, you'd have like 20 different chats and you're looking like, where the hell is that chat that I was using? Now in projects, everything is organized by the project levels. On the right-hand side, you have instructions, which essentially is the instructions for what you want it to do. So, if I click on business for example, you can see here's what my instructions are. You my my tasks for you when you're doing various different things. And you can set up scheduled tasks here and then you've got the contacts and also the memory is activated. All of the outputs that are generated are stored in this beautiful UI here and then you have all of the recent chats at the bottom. Now, you can build a personal operating system that is so good, you'll literally like, what was I doing before this thing even existed? But the biggest problem that everyone gets is they don't give it the right level of tools, access, or skills, which will severely limit its potential. Now, we're going to build this personal OS in three super simple steps. The first step of which is connecting your world. And by connecting your world, all I'm really meaning here is that we're going to give it two different vectors. The first, if you like, is going to be connectors, which we can do very simply by clicking on this button here, coming down to connectors. And this this basically is everything that my Claude has access to. Right now, I'm showing Google Calendar, Claude in Chrome, Drive search, anything. If I want to add new connectors, I come down to manage connectors like so. And you can see I've got everything here and I can do anything I want to. If I want to add further ones, I can add custom connectors if it's not within the Claude ecosystem. And all you literally do is think of what your software stack is. It's 100% personalized to you. So, what I'd like to do first task is go down and add all of the ones in that Canva. Let's add that in as a for instance cuz we use Canva a lot, right? Let's come down and click on allow. Works beautiful. Now, Claude can do various different activities for me in Canva. And you basically keep on repeating this process back and forth, back and forth until you've added all the skills that you're going to be using on a regular basis. And you can see I now have Canva enabled in my my base my Claude environment and you can see all of the different tools and accesses that we've given it. Do you want to give it the ability to upload assets from your realm? You can. You can specify all of this so you have full control. And then the second thing is skills above, which are things that you can do on a repeatable basis. Essentially, if you ever do anything more than once, you can create a skill to go ahead and do that for you, which is wonderful. So, we've got one for creating infographics or visuals, you name it, it does it. So, I have one here that will create for me all the infographics on the videos. Super straightforward and makes your life a million times easier. So, for example, if I have a chat on the left-hand side under business and create a new one, I can ask it to create an invoice for me. For instance, "Hey there, dude, create an invoice for me for Glider for $100,000 for Epic Consulting Services." All right, whatever the thing is. I'm going to send that one off. By the way, we have a brand new update for Glider dropping. It should be the day this video comes out actually, so super stoked to share that with you. We've been working hard in the background on it, but it's very very cool cuz it saved us some good time. Now, what's cool here is it's referencing the skill, which is awesome, running it, which is fantastic. And then I'll just build that for me. So, here's a cool thing. Invoices is something that you do all the time. I can just say, "Hey, do the thing for me." And it's got all the context and knows exactly how I want my invoice to look and it will do that for you straight away. Now, as you can see, looks clean, built me the invoice. It's got my profile photo at the top, Glider Invoice, Software Development Integration Services. It's got the amount, $100,000. Then I can just download that. I could even ask it if I wanted to to send it as a Gmail to somebody. And you get the idea of how freaking cool this is. You can invoice automatically. So, the key thing is connect your world, add all the connectors, and build the right integrations so you're ready to go. Now, we've given it these wonderful connections, we actually have to decide what we're going to use this powerful technology for because great power without an actual outlet or purpose is essentially not worth the paper it's written on. Now, very quick little hack I recommend you do is come over to chat and give it the following prompt. "Based on our entire conversation, if you had to create buckets for our topics for projects within Co-work, what would they be?" And then just send that off and then let Claude actually come back and give it you. It is unbelievably accurate. Now, Claude will give you about seven or eight different examples based on the conversations that you've had. Here are a couple of really helpful decision-making heuristics for you as well in terms of what actually is a project. You don't really want more than eight because it it starts to become a little bit um the two broad then at that point. There's only so many you can manage. Ask yourself this. What do I repeat every week? Same task manually again, is it a project? So, for me for example, I might have a project for YouTube. And within that, I might have things like packaging and titles and comments and strategy. I might have a project for my school community. For example, this by the way, you know, it's something I built my school community. This is an example of a software that we used to help people build a road map that is the opposite of co-pilot, which is something that helps you do various different tasks as you go ahead. So, I might have a project for my school community instead, right? Really cool. So again, think about it, what would be your project? Second decision-making heuristic is what do I keep re-explaining? What's the stuff that I find myself saying to AI again and again? And then finally, what has multiple moving parts, files, and emails, and research outputs? You know, you basically you want a dedicated workspace for that. Now, having the connectors and the project idea is one thing, but if you don't configure your Claude projects properly, you're not going to have a personal operating system anywhere near as effective or as powerful as it can actually be. And on top of that, we've just also got to understand the difference between these three things so you have complete clarity cuz it can be really confusing. And I'm talking about the things you need. Difference between a skill, a folder, and a toolbox. Okay, so what does that all mean in reality? Okay. So, what are folders? Folders themselves, okay, don't have memory, they don't have instructions, and they don't have scheduled tasks. They are basically file access. Think of it as your simplest layers. Now, what does that mean in reality? So, when you come over to Claude Co-work, okay, and I want to create a new co-work on something, it will ask me do I want to work on a project or what file do I want to physically go ahead and use? So, I might come down here and say I want to chat in, I don't know, let's choose a different folder, something in my desktop for example. All folders are is just a it's just a folder on your laptop, on your computer that has information. That is literally it. There's nothing more complicated to it than that. Secondarily, we have projects, which is everything that we're talking about today, right? So, in projects, we have memory per the project. So, if I have a YouTube project, it has all the memory, persistent memory. It has instructions about how I want it to behave. It lets me schedule tasks. So, I could say, "Hey, go and scrape this and go and find out what the comments are saying and go and find out what's new for strategy." It has organized history so we can organize everything. And also has file access. And finally, we've got skills. So, skills are portable, they work everywhere. You have a skill.md file, that could be something like, "Hey, shorten this URL." Or, "Hey, go and build me an invoice." Whatever it is. And they they basically trigger as and when they're relevant. So, we would have skills within projects and folders also exist within projects. So projects are just a nice crisp way to organize it. So first for example, why don't we go ahead and build one of these projects together so you can see step by step just how effective it actually is. So what I'm going to do is delete this one and we're going to build this one from scratch together. As we come down here and archive it. Okay, wonderful. So let's go ahead and do this. So I'm going to come down here. I can click on working project. I can come on projects and create a new project. So let's start from scratch. So we'll call this one something like YouTube. All right, sweet. And then what we need to do is give instructions. So let's give some instructions here. You are a specialist YouTube agent. Your purpose is to help me with all manner of growing YouTube and adding as much value as humanly possible. This could be insights, strategy, packaging, titling, uh competitive analysis, anything that's valuable. You will challenge my assumptions. You will reason up from first principles. You will not be sycophantic and you'll help me with data. You Everything you do will be data led and you will think around corners. Awesome. So first step is to give it some instructions. Then here's a cool thing, we can add files. So this could be contacts about you, your strategy, what you're working on over time, but we can actually build those together. So you'll see exactly what I mean. So come down here, I click on create. Awesome. So the first thing that I like to do generally speaking is give it some knowledge and give it some context cuz once you've done that, you never really need to do that ever again. So for my example, one of the things that I might want to give it from a YouTube point of view is insights information on the packaging, right? So I've created a YouTube folder now, which is empty. So let's start by giving it some information and context. This is step number one. It will differ wildly based on your project. I might say, "Hey there. What I would like you to do within the YouTube folder is create a subfolder, which is going to be packaging. And in packaging, what I'd like to do is head over to my YouTube channel and I want you to take screenshots of my last 30 videos and store it in there. So I have You have a knowledge and image base of my titles, how they're performing, and what the images look like and confirm once that is complete. So again, normally, I would actually have to go and take them myself, but we don't need that anymore. Now what's really cool is now any questions I ever ask this about insights or thumbnails or titles, it will have that context for us. Now that's one degree. The other thing that we probably want to give is a bit of context about who we are and what we stand for and what our group is about. And whilst Claude's working on that, let's give it some additional information. So I've got my community here. You can see it kind of explains everything that it does. I've got my YouTube channels. I can just copy these links, go over to Claude, and basically provide it to it there and just say something like this. I would also like you to check out the two links and create a core contacts file for me in the folder that basically explains what kind of content I focus on and what my strategy is. And then guys, what you would basically do is just explain to it all the core information that you want to do. So for example, in my business project, it actually has loads of interesting stuff like my address and key information like what's your tax number? Like you know, stuff that you like you spend like where the hell did I put that tax number? I've never thought about that. We can pull all that in business so you never have to worry about it ever again. So step one is give it all of this beautiful context. So now it's got all the context and knows about us, we can now just chat with this about anything we want to. Strategy, insights, whatever. So one of the things I might want it to do is do a bit of a report for me and then basically turn that into something it can be replicably. So I might say something like, "Hey there. What I'd like to do is go do some research online to find all the trending stuff that's happening within Claude Code and Claude Co-work within the last 7 days. Try and find things with high degrees of signal and then I want you to turn that into a beautiful HTML report that I can then see on the right hand side. Okay, just an example, right? Now what's really cool is that whenever I've questions about this particular project of which I have about seven or eight of them, I can just ask this questions and it will remember everything. And so it has that context. Now the core benefit in my opinion is something you can't demonstrate on a video. And that's its memory, its persistent memory. Now whenever I talk to Claude about YouTube, it will just remember all of our existing conversations cuz it's so frustrating on my left hand side to have one chat about this, one chat about that and you're constantly repeating yourself. Now we have this beautiful home on the left hand side for everything to do with your particular project that just makes everything so easy. And then just like that, on a one shot, it's got everything for us. It's picked up on computer use which dropped like 6 days ago, dispatch channels. Lots of great stuff all there for me in the right hand side. And on top of that, there's one cool thing you've got to understand and that is the difference between Claude Code and Code. Now the biggest difference between Claude Code and Claude Co-work is the following. Bear this in mind, Claude Code can do everything that Claude Co-work can do with a couple of exceptions. And here's a big tell there. Claude Co-work has a better user interface. It will show you documents like I just showed you, right? Which is gorgeous and wonderful and fantastic. The other thing though is that you may sometimes find that your Claude Co-work tokens burn a little bit faster based on the processes. It's a little bit slower in Claude Code. But the other big advantage of Claude Co-work is twofold. One is the shareability. So it's the plugins, it's the ability to share that with your team and get consistent processes. So if you're fairly new, it's just easier to use Claude Co-work, but you can do a lot of other stuff in Claude Code as well. And if you ever find that your usage hits the max, just switch over to Claude Code and build some stuff in there. Now understanding this project feature is one thing, but this is just scratching the surface. The next thing we need to do is look at truly exceptional use cases, which we can do by watching this video right here.