Open Claw is one of the most powerful softwares on the entire planet, but only if you know how to use it correctly. Which is why in this video, I'm going to show you five powerful Open Claw use cases that you can employ immediately to become way more productive, save time, and actually make more money in your business to get you light years ahead of your competitors. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup with over 60,000 customers. And building systems like this is all I do all day, every day. So, if you haven't already, grab that coffee and let's dive straight in. Now, when I say open claw, I'm also referring to all of its incarnations. Pico claw, nanoclaw, the ironclaw, gravity claw. This applies to every single one of them because in reality, when you look underneath the surface, they're all being built by Claude Opus 4.6 anyway. So whether it is gravity claw or open claw, it is as I say cool and everything we build in this video will apply to any one of these things that you're using. So here's a key message. You need an open claw system whether it's on open claw or your own individual version. Now Jensen Hong was recently on stage and he analyzed to this which I think is fantastic which is imagine it being 1998. Now I never owned one of these cars in 1998. I was 6 years old. So I had one of these cars but you don't have a website. So imagine it being at the beginning of the com boom but you don't have anything. This is the direction travel that we are heading into. Now when we talk about this key distinction there are two functions. Number one is a co-pilot. This is something like open claw or coowork or gravity claw. Essentially it's an AI that accompanies you in your life. It's a co-pilot so to speak. It goes ahead and does things with you. Not to be confused with a system. A system could be something like using claw code. It's what we used to use n and make.com for and everything that we build inside anti-gravity. We have co-pilot and systems. This is very much in the co-pilot category. Now, the first use case enables us to utilize claude code's most powerful feature that make using claude incredible. But when we bring it over to openclaw, it opens up so many new capabilities. So, our first skill and what you're looking at here by the way is basically the AI employees that I have operating within open core gravity claw. Now, the first thing is to expand your universe. So, if I come over to my command center, you can see I've got skills. I've got all of my integrations, what that looks like. And effectively, the command center is think of it as your digital interface and dashboard for your personal AI assistant. I'm going to touch more on that in this video and some of the bells and whistles that you may not have seen before. So, if I come into skills, I've added one skill. I built this basically in my last 24 hours to show you in this video. Now, what's really interesting is that chord skills are very prominent and they're very powerful. But did you know that any skill that you build with clawed skills, we can directly match and marry up within open claw? Let me show you what I mean. Here I've got the golden lion bot. So for example, if I open up anti-gravity and I say, for example, I do for/bitly, which I was doing earlier, for example, for/bitly essentially lets me give a URL and then turn that into a bit.ly link, which is really cool, and it asks for something like that. What you can do within anti-gravity within claude code alongside openclaw effectively is to say hey I want you to read all of my claude skill files and have access to do all of that yourself. So for instance if I come back over to a wonderful bot in telegram I could say something like um hey I would like you to turn this into a bit.ly link and then we're going to give it a website. And as you can see right now it's actually going ahead and recreating it. So I've got this one here which is fantastic. And if I click on this this should open up glider.com and does it it does it instantaneously. So, it isn't about that skill per se. It's about the fact that any one of the Claude skills that we have, we can now reflect within our Claude bar, which is incredible. And what I highly recommend you do is you have a skills section present and visible. Now, what this command center actually does whenever I create a claude skill for something, because let's be fair, we are building systems sometimes for clients, for our business, and sometimes we've got a personal assistant. This enables your open core agent to have full access to any single skill that you develop. And now you can access it whenever you want to on your phone at any single time. No need to duplicate or have six skills here and 26 skills here. It's all connected together. Now the second one is what I call meeting and system intelligence. Effectively connects open claw to parts of our world that enable it to give us information insights that make us incredibly productive. Now within your command center on the left hand side, one of the things that you want to actually capture here are going to be your integrations. The things that you're actually integrating with. And one of the ones I really want to double click in with is granola. Now, this one is fascinating. I'd previously used other services like you may have heard of Fireflies or Fathom. The reason why this is unique is because Granola itself when you have meetings for example does not join as a bot. What it actually does is sits on your computer and lets you add notes. Now, the cool thing is that you can connect this to Open Claw via like the MCP. So, let me show you what I mean. I'm going to open up the app real quick. Now, I've got a list of things I'm doing here. I created this Dexter deals chat that we can just dive in straight now and have a look at. So, I click on start now for instance. Let's have a look at this. So, I'm now got the Dexter deals chat, which is cool. Now, one thing I really like about this is because where Open Claw shines is essentially we give it the correct contact. So, I don't want to have emails or meetings that I can't access with my actual Open Clause system or Gravity Claw system, whatever we're using, uh, without having to double click and do a bazillion different things. So, what I can do from here is join the Google Meets. And now over here, I can join the meeting. Blah, blah, blah. The meeting is happening. But check this out. Can you see now I've got this little tasty widget on the right hand side that I can move around and do various different things. So here I am and now I'm talking about Dexter deals. So if for example I'm having a conversation one thing I really need to do is expand our operations into Asia that is really really important. Now what I can also do is jot down notes about that. So I could say something like hey also grab I don't know Dexter seven chickens to eat whatever the thing is. So what Granola will do here and the reason why I really like the software is cuz it will merge in notes plus all the things that we're doing. So at this point we're just having a conversation where blah blah blah we're saying various different things and when we're happy with it and we're finished we can actually shut down the meeting and close it down. So I'll come over I'll end the meeting which is fantastic. I can click on granola here and right there I can come back to home and effectively that is done and we just click X to complete. And then right there you can see that it's now transcribing. Now when you understand how to connect things like this via the MCP you can effectively connect your entire universe. So, for example, once this is finished transcribing, we can now have conversations with this with an open claw. Hey there, I just had a meeting um about Dexter deals. Could you just remind me first of all what the actions were, and then I'd like you to go ahead and grab for me the raw transcript from that conversation. And just like that, I now have access to the full transcript. I've got the action items right there. I've got grabbed extra seven chickens. And what's really cool is it's actually grabbed the stuff that I know to join the call because there's what's been said, but sometimes you had private thoughts that you don't really say out loud like, "Man, I love that jumper." Oh man, that's a great looking individual. Whatever the whatever the things are, you can jot down these notes and now I get a combination of the meeting transcript and this which is really freaking cool. Now generally what's even cooler than that is on the actual uh AI dashboard here. If I bring this over, you can see I've got a task board. Okay, now this taskboard is a combination of what my open call agent does and what I do. So I have these to-dos. I can bring it over. I can click on done. I can do anything I want to. Now the way that I've configured this is I have a polling function that essentially looks for changes in the dashboard and when a change happens open claw agent springs into action and will action it. So I could for example add a task if I wish and then open claw will get a notification I've added a task and then it will action it. What's also really cool is when I get my morning brief it has full context of my entire task system. Now let's see how cool this is. So check this out. I come back over now to my function here. I can say something like hey there could you do me a favor? just add those actions to my taskboard, please. And then open core can literally add those to my individual desktop. Now, I recommend that you have a physical view on your laptop about what your AI assistant is actually doing. It just gives you a macrole view. You can visualize things. You can see what the individuals are doing. It's super cool. Don't want to come over to the task. I've got expand operations into Asia and grab Dexter 7 chickens. He is a hungry hungry spring. The third incredible use case is how we can leverage certain systems to get us way better outcomes than just simply speaking to a model directly. And not only that, I'm also going to show you something really cool. So check this out. Hey there. I am deciding which country to live in. What I'd like you to do is to spin up three different experts and I want them to debate it from different perspectives based on what you know about me. And when that's done, I want you to turn it into a gorgeous HTML document for me to look over and uh just save that in my documents folder as well, please for me to have a look at later. Now I've given this topic. Now the idea here is what we can get open core to do is create several different experts to debate something. We can also if we wish give them various different models. So for example in my actual command center here one of the things I can do in my command center which is connected via openclaw. Is it a click of a button? I can just decide the model that I want to talk to. Do I want to go for a free model and have the deep sea car 1 do some stuff? I can chat to claude opus 4.6 sonet blah blah blah you name it. I can do anything and I've got my chat saved here on the left hand side. Now check this out. We come back. We're checking with open claw which is great. We ran the panel. I was doing this conversation yesterday, which is cool. This is cool. It's spinning up three different experts on different models again, which is incredible. So, we're not getting an inbuilt model biases. Then, it's going to save it in our documents folder. So, let's go over to our memory and find out if it's done it. Click on documents. And here we go. We got the panel best strategy. I open up, I get a nice little preview. I can download it. And look at this. I've got it all right there. If I want to quick look without opening up a different page, I can do that. I think that's so freaking cool. But let's open it up and take a look. Where should Jack live? Three AI experts, three different models, three very different answers. One was a global tax and business strategist was saying, "Hey, stay put, optimize hard, the buy is amazing. It's got tax efficiency, blah blah blah." Then I've got some ideas from a lifestyle and well-being adviser. And then devil's advocate and contrarian strategist, which is cool. Talking about Estonia, that's pretty decent, right? Then the bottom we've got a verdict uh basically explaining what it is. Dubai, Portugal, Estonia with all these different breakdowns. Now, this was just done with, you know, essentially just a simple HTML file, but this would work for anything. So, your ability to store and have an aggregated view of your documents is key. Now, just like that, we've got all these documents stored for us on our dashboard. And where those documents live really depends on how you set up Open Claw or Gravity Claw or whatever it is. If your model's running on your laptop, your computer or your hardware, then they'll be just documents that are on your desktop. But if you're running it in the cloud, then you'll want to store it somewhere else like Superbase or some other kind of storage system. Now, the force skill leverage is one of the most powerful features in Open Claw and similar systems that most people don't really use anywhere near to its full potential. And this actually is its ability to do work for you whilst you're not at the computer. Now, for example, if I come over to my team and take a quick look here, you can build up these teams to do various different things. I've got Atlas, the comm's agent, the competitive intelligence agent, all these different guys. Now, one interesting thing I want to put your way here is that the power of these systems is the fact that it has context about you. And it isn't just context because context engineering is is one of the biggest trends you're going to see in the next 5 years. The better you're at context engineering, the better everything gets. Okay. Now, the key thing here is actually enabling it with that context to do cool things for you. And we call this the overnight agent. So, for example, I might say, "Hey, I would like you to create for me a recurring task to trigger at midnight every night. I want you to use a free model to do this." So use that with an open router. Use deepse similar. And what I'd like you to do is based on all the context of what we discussed that day, your memory. And in addition to that, um what I have on my task list, I would like you to every day create a report of one thing that would improve my life. That could be in physical, it could be in business, it could also be relationally. Whatever it is, I want you to find what you think would be the biggest way that you could add value to my life. And I want you to do research on it and create an actionable report with very clear at the bottom why this is valuable. Um what this changes and one action that I can implement straight away to move closer to one of my goals. Now why is that cool? Well because we have what is known as time on our hands, right? We don't then actually have to do you know sit there and correct this every single day. We can just let open core go ahead and do that for us. So, we now have a, if you like, digital employee, so to speak, that is actually working for us every single day when we're sleeping that's going to bring a brand new fresh suggestion to the table to help us improve and be better in whatever area of our life. And what makes it very cool is the context, the fact that it knows like, well, Jack's got all this work going on with XYZ. He's working on this right now. He's working on that right now, which it can tell from our taskboard. And so, it has the context to create it. And the more that you get to know, and the more context you give it, the better it will actually perform. And just like that, it's come back and confirmed. Here's what I've done. Here's a model I've set up. It's going to read your memory. It's going to save as a gorgeous HTML report to your documents folder, and it's going to deliver a summary to your Telegram. How freaking cool is that? Now, the fifth incredible use case that you can action right now is something that will actually save you money, but very few people ever take the time to physically go ahead and do this. And I call this one the negotiator. Now, especially if you've got access to free models, which I'm going to come up and show you here in the command center. Now, if I come over to chat, you can see all the models that I've whitelisted and given access to. Um, Gemini 2.5, Deepseek, all these different guys. By the way, in the community, I'm going very deep on exactly how you grab this stuff, how you get memory systems like this, how you get beautiful graphics like this, as well as loads of stuff that I just don't I haven't covered on YouTube yet. So, if you want to come check that out, I'll put a link down below for you. But, one of the cool functionalities here that I think is really worth calling out is the following. And I recommend that you give this prompt, which is this. Based on everything you know about me, my calendar, my Gmail, um all the tasks and things, I would like you to identify three target areas where I could deploy a series of agents to not necessarily brute force, but to negotiate on my behalf. For example, if I was looking for a particular kind of jumper, could you think of a system that would enable me to create a series of agents that would go out and lowball Facebook sellers, for example, or if I'm trying to buy something or if I'm trying to work with a particular brand, you could actually go out, research, and find me 20 relevant emails. I want you to take the concept of what I'm saying and come back with three suggestions of how I could actually execute on that and leverage you to do that. Quite a broad prompt, but effectively what I'm trying to say here is based on your particular circumstances, the applications are going to vary wildly. Maybe you're somebody who is working with loads of different brands. Maybe you're doing sponsorships. Maybe you are running in a local council in leads and you want to work with local coffee shops. Well, we can actually use now openclaw as a sounding board and crucially once it knows that it can then actually create a strategy, go out and do research for us, compile like an actual execution log which we can view in our documents and from that actually have it go on our behalf either create emails for us and create full strategies and just like that it's come up with three suggestions. a sponsorship deal negotiator Asia expansion market scout based on the meeting that I had earlier. Do you see how this interconnectivity really elevates the level of what's possible and then we've got this revenue maximizer which is incredible. Now if I look at this Asia expansion market scout as for instance identifies the top five Asia markets competitive intelligence outreach drafted create personalized cold outreach templates for 20 partnership prospects ready for you to review and send. Cool. So I can just say go and do that and then come back and check out the results and just like that it's broken down all the specifics. So it would do deepseek intelligence to do research. I deploy research agents to build a scorecard of top five Asian markets. Then it would give me a deliverable for a ranked scorecard. Phase two, competitive gap analysis, phase three, partnership prospecting, so on and so on and so on. And then if we just say the word, it goes ahead and can do that for us. And it can go ahead and stop the whole negotiation process for us specifically because we've integrated with Gmail. So we can create draft replies and we don't even really need to do anything ourselves. We just authorize it. Side note on that by the way on your integrations. One of the things I found really helpful like I integrate it via Zappia is I do not give it the ability to send emails. I have restricted its ability to draft reply only. So I am the final point of contact that will actually send keeps everything way more secure and not necessarily that it would like send random emails but it's better for you to retain that control just on balance. Now, understanding use cases is one thing, but if you don't know how to build any use case that you want to, you're never going to be able to reach your full potential with this AI personal assistant, which is what we're now going to learn in this video right