Imagine if Claude CoWork could be a world-class marketing team that grows your business on autopilot. But the reality is that 99% of people will never see this because they don't use the correct skills, which is why in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to build seven insane >> [music] >> marketing skills step-by-step that will save you time, make you more money, and get you light-years ahead of your competitors even if you're not technical. I'm giving them all away completely for free down below. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup [music] to the 60,000 customers, and now I run several AI businesses and teach thousands of entrepreneurs this stuff all day, every day. So, [music] if you haven't already, grab that coffee and let's dive straight in. So, how do you get Claude to be so powerful that your competitors think that you're actually cheating? Well, you need to use the correct skills. And I'm going to give you my top seven for marketing in this video. Now, agencies of various different sizes charge over $10,000 at least for the skills and principles that you can now do literally within Claude CoWork by yourself. But you have to understand one thing. And that one thing is that most tutorials online for new technologies and various different things are basically just setups. It'll be something like, "Hey, look at my org chart. Here's my head of marketing. This is my head of sales, etc., etc." In reality, they're just MD files. And oftentimes they just massively overcomplicate things. Now, them just being MD files is fine. That's cool. But realistically, the best tool is the one that you actually use. Now, Claude is simpler. Claude is actually easier to use to get started to start making some progress in your business. Remember, you plus the correct skills equals winning. Now, what you talk about in your business and what you focus on creating is more important than how you do it, which is why the very first use case is going to be leveraging one of the strongest principles and features that Claude CoWork actually has. And this is Claude CoWork's ability to use services like X to go ahead and get signals. So, you can use X for what we call trend intelligence without the cost of any expensive APIs. You don't have to spend $800 a month on social listening tools. Claude can open up X, have conversations with Grok, and bring back signal from the entirety of X. And that is literally where news breaks. News breaks on X. Now, we can get Claude CoWork to go ahead and do that for us. What can we do with this? We can monitor any trends in any industry. What is the latest thing happening in finance right now? We can find all that stuff out in AI, get competitive intelligence, and also content angles that you want to. This can save you hours a day. And oftentimes, if you look at YouTube, for example, the news breaks on X and then it appears on YouTube several days later. So, we can get all this information to feed all of our campaigns on X. So, let's try it out. What you're going to do first of all, is you need to make sure you are signed in to X on Google Chrome. Once you've done that, you can give it a prompt that looks something like this. "Hey there. I would like you to do me a favor. I want you to head over to X. I want you to chat with Grok. And what I'd like you to do is the following. I want you to have a conversation about finding all Claude-related news, any new tools that have dropped, any interesting or rising GitHub repos. I want you to use a four-step framework for this. We're going to weight it based on primacy, so it must be within the last seven days. There needs to be an authority factor, so it needs to be basically we're going to prioritize accounts that have higher followings cuz that's a signal of value. There needs to be a velocity factor, which is how quickly is that actually growing up. And factor four can be anything that you think is relevant. First thing I'd like to do is confirm with you a prioritization matrix for scoring trending signals. My stated objective is to understand trends that are catching fire, that people are finding valuable, and then bring them over and create content on them first of all. The end purpose and the kinds of content that we want to cover is going to be things like Claude code, any new training tools, design softwares. You can go ahead and check out my YouTube channel, Jack Roberts, get a sense of what it is that I talk about. So, effectively, you're going to give Claude a prompt just like that. So, then it's basically come back now. It's found my YouTube channel. It's done the research. Obviously, you just substitute this for your channel or your particular social media platforms, Instagram, LinkedIn, you name it. Here's the proposed trend signal scoring matrix. Each factor scored one to five out of 20. Primacy, must be posted or released in the seven days. Um anything older is disqualified. Authority, velocity, growth rate, content fit. So, I'm going to adjust the weighting slightly. And I'm going to say, "Awesome. I think authority should be slightly lower. Realistically, we're looking for velocity, so how much it's actually gotten within a period of time. Like, I don't want something that's old. Like, if it's older than seven days, I'm not interested. And also, it needs to be at a certain minimum threshold." With that in mind, go ahead and do what you think would be the best. And so now, we've got the actual formula matrix it's going to be using to go ahead and fire it. Now, it's going to fire up Grok. And then crucially, once this is done, we're going to enshrine this into a skill. Then I'm going to turn this into downloadable skill for you, so you can just throw it in. Literally, just describe what your things are, and you can be ready to rock and roll. And as you can see, guys, it's actually got Grok open, which is wonderful. It's asking questions, and Grok, of course, has access to everything in X. You could do a paid API for this, but the point is that you don't You can just set it off, do its thing. And while it's doing that, you can be doing other work and other tasks, and we can make this a recurring task. Look at this. Edge Claude open Claude is basically grabbing all this data and information, which is wonderful. And now we have agent-to-agent communication working for your business. So, essentially, if our Claude agent, which has full contacts, by the way, of our business, is not satisfied with what it's getting, well, guess what? It comes back and asks further questions. Now, why is this so cool? Computer use fundamentally doesn't feel like an API call. It's acting with the environment and service as a human would do, which basically gives us more capabilities and access to different things. Because, understandably, X wants to shut down unauthorized chats to their database. But we can use Claude to connect now to Grok, which is a wonderful connection that we can drive. And you can even see here Grok's second response is complete. I can see the second response starting. Let me use a page tech called capture everything, and it's literally getting multiple responses from Grok, and we can just work with this now to improve it. And just like that, it's got the three top signals by matrix called the Claude code link itself, the code X plugin for Claude code, and Brox chain is hidden feature thread. And actually, guys, this is completely accurate cuz these are the top three trending things now for Claude code. Then guys, if I click in here, for example, you can see it's giving me everything that I need. These are literally all growing trends. And now, what they recommend that you do is spar back and forth with this, give it further questions, further feedback just to make sure that it's actually everything you want. I was like, "Yes, that's the exact feedback breakdown that I'm most interested in." And once you've done that, you're basically going to come back over here, and you're going to say, "Awesome. I'd now like you to turn this into a scheduled task, and I want this to run every day for me at 9:00 a.m. without fail." Once you've done that, send it off, and then this will become a scheduled task. And of course, guys, we can also tell Claude to go onto our YouTube channel, to go onto our social media platforms, to every day when it does it in the morning, look at the kind of content you're creating, and dynamically search for related content based on the stuff that you're talking about. So, what happens here is that Claude itself has this dynamic connection built in. So, as the content that you talk about changes, so does the content that Claude actually looks for. How incredible is that? Now, our next marketing skill is something that's going to give you the opportunity and access to essentially any data that you want, whenever you want it. And the level of access you're going to get from this is going to blow your mind if you've never seen it before. I'm talking about leveraging Apify to get competitive intelligence data or just data on what is trending right now. So, think about Apify as Willy Wonka's emporium for scrapers. You can scrape Instagram, Facebook, Google Maps, TikTok. You literally name it. You can get started completely for free. So, we're going to go ahead and create an account or log in first of all. And within Claude itself, what we need to do is click on the plus, click on connectors, click on manage connectors. Now, you'll notice that when we search for this, we will not see it. And we won't see it cuz it's not a pre-approved within the Claude ecosystem. If I type in Apify, it isn't there. What we can do is add a custom connector. And now, what you're going to do, guys, is come down here to plus, going to click on add custom connector, and you're going to type in Apify, and then just enter in this text. Once you've done that, going to click down and click on add. And then essentially, what will happen is it will appear here down below in customs. And then you're going to click on connect. It'll open up a browser for you, and you're going to sign in via OAuth, which is incredible. We'll say, "Yep, that's fantastic. That's all good." Come down, click allow access, and you don't even need to use or share your API key. That's how freaking cool this thing is. That's how simple they've made the whole journey. So now, when I come back over to CoWork, I'm going to full full screen my page right now. I'm going to say something like, "Hey there, dude. I'm thinking of scraping information from Instagram. I've got competitors in my niche. I would love to know things like their likes, their comments, what content is popping off. Could you just tell me if I was trying to do that, what kind of scrapers could I use?" Okay? Now, interestingly, I can say I have Apify. Okay? So, it knows what I'm talking about. Hit enter. Now, what we can do now is use the Apify connector just to validate that it's actually working. And as you can see, it's coming down. It wants to search for actors. We say, "Hey, we're always going to allow that." And so now, Apify is now working for us within Claude CoWork. How cool is that? By the way, this also works within Claude code, if you like. Claude CoWork is just the user-friendly version of Claude code. So, if you ever find that you're out of credits, just hop over to Claude code, which you can do very easily, by the way, by just clicking this button here. And there you go. So now that's done, why don't we give it an example task? So, I could say something along these lines, right? Like, "Hey there. What I would like you to do for me is go and find two of the top-performing accounts in the AI automation niche to talk about things like Claude code. And I want you to find for me their past five Instagram reels. I want you to grab me the likes, the comments, and the shares of those reels, and then also the description, and then throw that for me in a table on the right-hand side." Awesome. Send that one off, and let Claude work its magic. Funny story, by the way. I have right here this coffee. I There's a video where this basically the camera kept zooming in. It was behind me, you couldn't see it. This was given to me by somebody in LA when we did a community meet-up. I bring that up because we're doing a community meet-up literally in two or three weeks in LA, around the 20th. So, if you're in LA, you want to swing by, you want to have some delicious coffee, some good times, meet people, maybe create some deals, I warmly welcome you to come. We do these community community meetups. So cool to meet you in person and have a great time. So, I want to put that on your radar. We're doing them in a lot of different places. Last month, we did London. This is LA, then we've got Japan, I think, coming up next month. So, it's cool to meet people in person and have a rock and roll like a good time. There's always great stuff that comes out of these sessions. So, what's happening now in the background here is Apify's using the rag web browser, which is cool. It's getting me different results. As you can see, top five AI automation that Claude Code 2025 2026. It's doing searches for us and then we can start to get our results. Wonderful. So, now Apify has gone ahead and grabbed that stuff for us, or should I say Claude Code work in conjunction with Apify. I click on the file here and what do I see? I've got these things here. An Instagram competitor real analysis, Brad Gaines, Ninja Tools. Here's what he's done, likes, comments, links. Come down. This one's getting a few more views. In reality, we want to strip out the competitor research process ourselves and you can't really be grabbing your own firm and actually searching out pretty much for the keywords that you think your audience would be looking for. Um because again, if you let AI if you say, "Hey, you know, make me a million dollars, make no mistakes." You know, in 2026, that doesn't work. One day it might do, but right now it doesn't. So, we want to guide it all the way through. So, my strong recommendation is that you actually give it your competitors and the specifics that you want. But, I like how this physically looks and what we can do actually is get transcripts, we can get likes, we get comments. Obviously, if you want to blow this to the moon, that's when you start moving into Claude Code territory, where we programmatically set this up to scrape insane databases. But, you can see the potential this now. There's no I just reached over to Instagram. Think of all the things you can do on Apify. It is literally crazy. And Apify itself has over 20,000 pre-built scrapers, competitor pricing, reviews, social jobs, job listings. You literally name it. There should be no reason why you're not not only gainfully employed, but you should be the most profitable person that you know because these tools exist. That's where we're at right now. What can we scrape? We can do competitive pricing, monitor price changes across your market weekly and instantaneously. Claude all automated. Reviews, Google reviews, social profiles, essentially anything that you want. Here's the example, compare pricing for our top five competitors. It does a lot better, I think, the social media scraping, Google Maps scraping, reviews. You name it, you can probably scrape it. Now, imagine if we could combine Claude Code work with the world's number one research and intelligence platform, Notebook LM. Well, it turns out not only can we do this, but when you do actually connect them, you unlock capabilities that are actually outrageous. Now, Notebook LM is a research powerhouse. If there's any topic you ever want to learn more about. Now, Notebook LM isn't just a place where we store information, it's a place that can literally enrich that information with the very most accurate information using all of Google's AI system. So, it's not just storage, it's actually depth and accuracy. On the top of that, here's the thing to consider about Rap. And when I think about what we could use this for, skill building. You can extract frameworks from top creators in your niche. We can do content research, find 50 videos to get your unique angle fast. And knowledge base. Now, if you haven't connected Notebook LM, click the video I've got on screen. I did a full video showing you not only how to connect it with free skills to do that, but actual capabilities that are going to blow your mind in Co work. Now, once you've got that set up, cuz I'll be waiting for you right here. Welcome back if you haven't gone already. I'm going to show you a really cool use case for this. Okay, so say for example, we want to create content on email marketing or LinkedIn nurture sequences or emails. Now, one skill that we could learn, right, is the ability to create great scripts. And there are some people who are awesome at that. So, when I give it the following prompt, "Hey there, I want to become a better communicator and script writer for my YouTube videos." And then this could apply for Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok, you name it. "What I would like you to do is create a new notebook on Notebook LM and I want you to fill that with 50 plus resources, or as many resources as we think are relevant, don't add it in for the sake of them, of experts like Callaway on YouTube, all of his content. Just literal best storytelling frameworks that capture attention, that add value, and keep people watching and intrigued as long as possible. My stated objective with this prompt is to improve my storytelling ability both in the way that I communicate and how I do videos so that I can actually add more value to my audience and keep them interested for longer. First thing I want to do is create the strategy based on everything you know about me and then create the notebook. And once that notebook is full and has all the resources imported, let me know." Awesome. So, what have I done now is I've given all this information and as you can see, it's running the skill, the Notebook LM skill that we created in our last video. And just like that, it's come back and grabbed some interesting insights for us. So, it's got everything we need to. It's storytelling mastery, YouTube scripts, hooks and retention, with 204 ready sources across eight deep research trends. Let's see what we've got. We've got adopting a dance structure, which is hook, setup, pre-hook set. It's giving us all this information. So, the deal there is you find yourself going to talk about and effectively just get Notebook LM to do incredibly deep research. And I've also upgraded the Notebook LM skill from my last video to save you on token usage and make it faster. They'll be fully updated in the resources which you can grab when you check out the video. And as you can see, guys, look at all of these resources on the left-hand side that effectively is crushing it. Like even this, the band strategy, increasing retention with the band strategy, which has which is a known framework for basically you want it to be big, easy, new, and safe. This is exceptional level of detail that we get here. Now, the best marketing strategy in the world is nothing unless we actually understand the data and can leverage those insights to make effective decisions, which is why the fourth skill is mission control for your business. Your business needs a mission control powered by AI and the data. You have to connect your business's core numbers. That could be your financial information from your bank, it could be the website visits on WordPress. Whatever it is, we want it all in one beautiful location called mission control. All with the purpose to enable you to A, understand what's going on and B, to make informed decisions easier. It's to reduce your cognitive load. What do I mean by that? It's every tool you use in one dashboard updated daily, okay? The thing that you're going to see every morning. No more asking Steve from accounting, "Hey dude, can we just get the No, it's all there for you to make decisions. This is so important that you set this up. What is it going to connect? Here's the idea with the dashboard. We're going to connect everything. Google Analytics, YouTube, HubSpot, Salesforce, your Gmail, anything you want to, even Zapier, Notion. You name it, we want to connect anything that's important for you. It doesn't mean that we dilute it. It doesn't mean that we just have information for its own sake, but we want to bring your universe into one individual place. What does this look like? You know, morning briefing. Hey, what changed overnight? What metrics moved that I need to worry about? Did you know, Jack, that your number one article that's been bringing in 80% of your traffic, we know from the power law that usually is how it works, it dropped a few places. Wouldn't it be wonderful to know that instantaneously without having to open up all your dashboards or have to guess and find out weeks later? That's how great this is. Revenue attribution. Find out realistically where is the money going? Where Where's income coming? And then content ROI, all these wonderful things. Let me show you what that looks like in practice. This revenue dashboard is just something that I built in one prompt. I'm going to put the link for you down below as a skill. This going to include all this HTML so you can just grab this and use it. It is really freaking cool. We can switch by revenue, by members, by insights. The core idea here is that we feed it in with all of our connectors. So, the step one has to be, come down on the right-hand side, literally add plus, and I want you to add in all your connectors and all your data sources. And actually, what happens after that is that if you don't have a connector, we can just use Claude Code work to open up in the browser and grab that data for us manually, meaning any data that you access on your computer or that can be accessed via an API can now be placed into this dashboard that you can view with your beautiful cup of coffee in the morning. Maybe you've got these beans here. Fun fact, I've never tried these ones. I had too much of a Manzo. Maybe they're fantastic, I'll try them later. You can drink your coffee and get the key data. Now, the next skill is something that almost everybody neglects and yet it's something that you're going to be doing almost every single month in your business. And if you get this wrong, the actual cost can be significant, which is why this is so important. And I'm talking about a contract review skill in your business. So, let's be really honest for 2 seconds. Last contract you get, what did you do? Did you read every page of it? I'll know if you're lying to me. The answer is you probably threw it into Claude and you probably said, "Hey, tell me what you think." And it probably gave you some answers. That's fine. The only problem with that is Claude can make mistakes cuz it's not perfect as great as it is. So, what's the idea of the contract review skill? 60 to 70% of small businesses sign contracts without legal review. It's just the nature of business, time is important. If you had to read every single clause, maybe you wouldn't have time to do business. But, AI can help and support. It's not perfect. Obviously, there's no legal advice. But, the idea is if we're going to use AI, we may as well use it in a better way than a worse way. So, lawyers lawyers charge $250 per contract, actually can be a lot more than that. That's out of the rate. This skill costs $0. What is the catch? IP ownership, perhaps, non-competes, auto-renewal, uncapped liabilities. These are the kind of things it looks for. Let me show what I mean. Now, this was a skill pulled together by a gentleman called Zabeer. He's got a YouTube channel called AI Workshop. So, shout out to Zabeer for pulling this together. He sat down and said, "Look, there's lots of different things we want to check out. Let's pull together a skill that will go through this." And it's completely free to use. So, we're going to use this one because he took the time to build it. So, let's have a look at what it covers. Average legal review cost, basic contract review, freelancer day rate contract, 82%. That is pretty absolutely wild. So, basically, what we can do here is grab this over here, click on the code, click and copy this, then head straight over to Claude. Then, within Claude Code work, on the left-hand side, again, we're looking for projects. I'm going to click on business project cuz this is something that we want to do in our business. And then we're going to say this, "Hey there, this is a repository for contract review. It effectively enables us to assess contracts with more detail to make sure that we're not make we're making less mistakes. I'd like you to go to this GitHub repo and create a skill for me based on the information that's in this and give me a quick tell deal of everything that it does, please." Beautiful. And then literally, all you're going to do is come down and throw that URL in from the GitHub like so. And then just going to fire off. Now, Claude will go and review contracts if you're giving them. But, think about all the deals that you do, right? There've been so many times where one small detail can make a big, big difference. And so, it's better to actually start using more legal intelligence as a superpower in your business. I can do a full video on this. There's some very interesting things that I've actually uncovered that are pretty amazing in the legal process. So, if you're interested in that, let me know down below. It's always good if you tell me, "Jack, I want to hear more about this." I'm here to serve you. So, you tell me what you want to know about. But, it's very, very interesting. So, what Claude's going to do now is grab the report and do some interesting checks. Once it's done that, we can actually then start to use it and leverage it to protect you and protect your business. I obviously always recommend that you do bring a legal professional. Actually, what you find is that most businesses don't bring it in until they have some kind of really negative little situation. Remember, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, as the old wives always used to tell us, which is crazy. So, we've got down here, what does it do? 14 command legal review of Claude Code, contract analysis, document generation, compliance and reporting for SOC 2, all those wonderful things. Now, we come down here. Do you want me to consolidate this into a single unified skill? I recommend that you do. Do you want to build it? Yep, go ahead. Now, here's the thing. If you click run evals, effectively, what this will do is test the skill to see if it beats what Claude could do automatically. And if it doesn't, it won't use it. This absolutely should, so click on run evals. And as you can see, Claude will now run through everything for us to make sure the skill is correct. Then, whenever you want to review a contract, you can now throw it in Claude Code Work, use the skill to test it. Remember, always come to your own determination and consult a legal professional when it comes down to matters of the law. But, the idea is, if we can find and make any margin to improve our review process, I think that's great cuz the reality is most of us probably just use lawyergpt.com. And by that, I mean ChatGPT or Claude as your lawyer. Now, the sixth skill is one of the greatest time savers. It's about taking something that you do that you think is fantastic and making it something that is going to be a replicable process but doesn't require any additional time or overhead to you but keeps the same level of quality. Of course, I'm talking about designs that we build for Instagram, for TikTok, for presentations, you name it. So, we can do 10 designs and multiple designs in minutes. And when I say minutes, you don't even need to have to be the computer. It can do all for you instantaneously. We can set up a brand kit once, give Claude a list of questions and topics, and they can create branded designs at scale. So, for example, what do I mean by that? Well, think about the workflow. First thing is, we set up a brand kit. We can create a master template, give Claude 10 quotes, headlines, or topics, and it can batch create all that stuff for us without us even needing to touch Canva. Could be quote graphics, article insights, or even ad variations. Let me show you what that means. We'll head back up to the Claude and create a window. Now, if you haven't already, you come down here onto connectors and just make sure that you're connected to Canva, okay? Now, what I'm going to do is something really simple. I'm going to say here, now I've got a typical style that I do, like I did the presentations at the beginning of this video. I'm going to do the following prompt, which is this. Hey there, I'd like to go into my latest Canva slides, and I want you to make for me 10 fresh slides, all with a different header, and let's just call it 10 hacks. No more than seven words per slide, put it in the middle, and let's just make it 10 brief tips on how to grow your LinkedIn. And then once that's done, I want you to basically just let me know if that and tell me it's complete. Awesome. Send that one off. And just like that, it's already pulled through the latest file that we used in Canva, so it knows exactly what we're talking about. As you can see now, I've now got all these different texts on there. And this could be used for anything. So, if I wanted to edit this particular presentation, I could just say, "Hey, go and write out a different headers for me." And they can go and do that for me now programmatically within Claude Code Work. And so, now we've covered everything in the operation and using these skills to accelerate your marketing. The last thing that we need to do is tie everything together to make you incredibly more productive. And that's why building out a Notion productivity system using Claude Code and all these contacts. So, the idea here is we use Notion to create a project board. But, we can even drop in voice notes if we want to and turn all of that into a wonderful project board. What does that look like in practice? Well, some of the things that we can do here, realistically, it can grab to-do lists from anything because it has access to our emails, our calendars, any conversation, and we can actually manage this all as a project management system within Notion or any project management software that we want to. I could say, for example, "Hey there, what I'd like you to do for me is create for me a Notion project to-do list. I would like you to include, for example, go through my la- my emails I've I've had today, go through my calendar and all the appointments that I've got, and all the conversations that we've had in our memory. And I want what I want you to do is create for me a series of tasks for I need to do based on all that information, have a priority matrix, have a due date, and then also have any actions and when they need to be done by. Don't add too much information, but make it specific to what I need to do and make document look beautiful." And you can see now, Claude Code Work's built up this full database in Notion, which is crucially powered by all of our data. And check this out. We've got the task with the action required, the due date, who's owning it, priority. And by the way, we can seamlessly sort with anybody else in our team. And it doesn't have to be Notion. It could be any project management software. But, the key thing that everyone misses here is the fact that everything links to Claude, emails, literal calendars, all your financials, whatever the thing is. And now we can link that to a project management software, enabling you to manage the orchestration of your entire marketing department. Now, understanding Claude's skills grow the marketing function of your business is one thing. But, if you don't understand some of the intricacies of Claude Code, you're not going to get the most out of the software, which is why the next thing we need to do is watch this video right here.